Setting the scene
Now, we use our
animatic as a reference and see
that the next scene we have
It is the approach of the face.
Then, let's put the expensive object.
We are going to create
a comp called Scene_02,
It's going to start right now.
Actually, as our
animatic starts before,
From this moment.
Let's copy the styleframe first
from scene two
and we will enter our scene two.
Ah, it's not
styleframe two, it's three.
The way we name our
scenes on the storyboard
It may be different
from the one we use
to name scenes in
our animation project,
because maybe in the
precomp of Scene_01
we have three scenes
from the storyboard,
two or three, or whatever,
and the next one is
going to be Scene_02.
So, let's skip some storyboard numbers
just to keep it consecutive.
We make sure this is in Guide.
And we are going to add the
bottom, maybe with some solid,
since the background was not
prepared as Asset in this scene,
but being so simple
we have no problem.
We can generate some shape layers,
and since the
styleframes were exported as PNG,
we are sure that the color they have
That's the right one.
Sometimes JPEGs have some compression
which makes the colors change a bit.
We can put these two comps together
in one that is bottom-approach.
Now we need to have the
animatic as a reference for this scene.
We will return to our initial
comp where we have the animatic
And what we do is duplicate it.
We will cut it from that moment.
I'm going to put
color to make it look.
We will keep the beginning in
the beginning, in the second 0,
but we are going to cut it at
the moment when Comp_02 begins.
I cut it, carry it inside
and carry it at the beginning.
So I make sure that the two
comps are starting at the same time.
Thus we have the animatic as
a reference for this scene.
We will go forward and see
that about 3 seconds
later the scene is cut.
So, we can give it a
second more tolerance,
of surplus, just in case.
Let's see that here our
character appears looking to the left
and halfway around, turn
your head to the other side.
So, in the face layer
we are going to put a marker right now
and we will finish the scene here.
What we are going to do now
is that from this moment on
Assets with number
two ahead are displayed,
They are face facing the other side.
There, more or less, we
have the return of face.
This we will later encourage better,
But for now, to
assemble a skeleton, it's fine.
It doesn't matter if the
timing doesn't match exactly,
If the timing of our animation does
not match exactly with the animatic,
because it is simply a
reference that is flexible.
We are going to adjust it
when we work better in animation.
So we have scene two.
In the same way we continue
with the rest of the scenes.
This scene has a small zoom
that we are going to see if
we do it here with a Null I
It may be centered on the diamond.
Maybe it's not exactly like
that, but we'll refine it later.
For now I will not
worry about the reflection,
because we can add that later.
These styleframes
for now they are not necessary,
It is better to use
them within each comp.
We use the same background
layer again with the other pose
for the next scene,
that probably scene five
be the same until the end,
since there are no
big camera movements,
Only one movement to the side.
And more or less
here the animation ends.
As this background has
another different animation
to the one in animation_01,
we will look for this
fund in our precomps,
let's double it
and we are going to put Final,
because it is the bottom of the end,
and we will use that
fund instead of the first.
To this we are going
to put bottom-initial.
So, now we take the same styleframe
and entering the final fund
we are going to do the
same thing we just did
to have the reference styleframe.
Now we are going to make
the lights from the beginning.
The color of the diamond
holder is what we had put
in the keyframe we had,
which was the initial one,
and supposedly the columns
they are also the ones we had
in the keyframe we had saved,
since the initial drawing of the
background was based on this styleframe.
If we reset it, it will center us
and there we will see that we
are locating everything well.
Then, we can eliminate it because
it is not necessary as a reference.
If we go to the initial background,
which we always use in the first scene,
We can delete those keyframes,
since we are already
using them in our final fund.
So, scene five we have almost ready.
We use our styleframe as a reference
and we place the character
more or less where he has to go.
This is going to be animated,
so there's not much
problem if it doesn't match.
We will start using color codes
To differentiate some things.
We are going to put the character
fuchsia, since it has a medium violet color,
and the funds can be cyan.
We will do the same in scene one.
In scene two
the animatic is black,
All references are black.
In Scene_03 we have only the diamond,
It doesn't take much color code.
Here, the boot is fuchsia because
it corresponds to the character.
The background is cyan, here we
have it separated into two objects.
and in scene five, we are ready.
Now we are going to do the same
Take the animatic as a
reference at that point.
Here is a camera movement
that for now we are
going to do it with a Null I.
We're going to animate only in X,
but we are going to adjust
it better when we go further,
because there’s going to be
a Parallax with the columns,
Several things will change.
Anyway, we give it a
bit of acceleration.
And what we have to
include here finally
is the character standing
and the walking character.
I will duplicate this
to hold the position,
and I will add hike
to make sure it's at the same height.
We are going to accommodate
the location of these things,
but for now we just want
to have a kind of skeleton.
We will put our layers
with the corresponding colors
to locate us a little more.
And the scenes can have a color ...
Match the colors here with these
It helps us maintain a
consistency in our head
and so we place the
comps in the tab easier.
When we have an orange open we
already know that it is a scene.
So we can hide the animatic
and we already have a first
skeleton of our animation.
The only thing missing here
is that the new
characters accompany the camera.
Having already assembled a
basic structure of our project
We can continue adding animation.